# ICE Store Videogames 🎮🕹️

I work for the online store Ice, which sells video games worldwide. User and expert reviews, genres, platforms (e.g., Xbox or PlayStation), and historical data on game sales are available from open sources.

The data available dates back to 2016. Let's imagine that we are in December 2016 and we are planning a campaign for 2017.

The dataset contains a "rating" column that stores the ESRB rating of each game. The Entertainment Software Rating Board evaluates the content of a game and assigns an age rating, such as Teen or Mature.

The purpose of the project is to conduct an analysis of Ice's games sales based on the data provided to identify patterns that determine whether a game is successful or not.

The goal is to determine which game generates more revenue to identify potential hits and plan advertising campaigns.

The steps are the following:

1- Organize and clean the data in order to have a clear analysis.

2- Analyze the patterns of video game sales, including the number of games sold, user and expert ratings, genres, platforms, and historical sales data.

3- Calculate and compare the total sales generated by each game across all regions.

4- Provide insights and recommendations based on the analysis to identify potential successful games and plan effective advertising campaigns for Ice.

Data Description:

*- Name (Name)*

*- Platform*

*- Year_of_Release (Release year)*

*- Genre*

*- NA_sales (U.S. sales in USD million)*

*- EU_sales (sales in Europe in USD million)*

*- JP_sales (sales in Japan in USD million)*

*- Other_sales (sales in other countries in USD million)*

*- Critic_Score (maximum of 100)*

*- User_Score (maximum of 10)*

*- Rating (ESRB)*
